feat: Multiple choice dropdown size attribute (#9765)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

| `none-of-the-above`          | "false", "random", "correct", or "incorrect" | "false"  | Add "None of the above" choice. See below for details.                                                                                                                            |
| `all-of-the-above-feedback`  | string                                       | —        | Helper text to be displayed to the student next to the `all-of-the-above` option after question is graded if this option has been selected by the student.                        |
| `none-of-the-above-feedback` | string                                       | —        | Helper text to be displayed to the student next to the `none-of-the-above` option after question is graded if this option has been selected by the student.                       |
| `allow-blank`                | boolean                                      | false    | Whether or not an empty submission is allowed. If `allow-blank` is set to `true`, a submission that does not select any option will be marked as incorrect instead of invalid.    |

> | `size`                       | integer                                      | -        | Manually set the size of the dropdown to a fixed width. The default behavior is to make the dropdown as wide as possible. Should only be used with `display` set to `"dropdown"`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `size`                       | integer                                      | -        | Manually set the size of the dropdown to a fixed width. The default behavior is to make the dropdown as wide as the widest option. Should only be used with `display` set to `"dropdown"`. |
```
It also doesn't mention the unit, not sure how you want to describe it.

Reviewer: Alternatively: would it make sense to allow the instructor to set it to any valid CSS width?

Author: I thought about this, not sure if the additional flexibility is worth a whole lot here, or whether it will make the element less intuitive for developers.

Author: Have incorporated the docs change described here, should be good to go now!
